Sixes Wild
==============

Authors:
Team Mimas
* Marco Duran
* Cameron Jones
* Yahel Nachum
* Aditya Nivarthi
* Joey Perez

Purpose:
* This program is a playable game called Sixes Wild. The premise of the game is to create selections of tiles that add to a sum of six (6). Tiles have number values that represent how much they contribute towards a sum of six during a move, as well as a multiplier to increase the move's score.
* There is also a level builder in this project, which is used to create levels that can be played in Sixes Wild. The level builder allows modification of the level settings, from frequencies of tiles to the shape of the board.

Execution:
* To run the level builder, run the main class called "BuilderMain.java". This will open a window that allows user interaction for the builder.
* To run the game application, run the main class called "GameMain.java". This will open a window that allows user interaction for the game.

Using The GameApplication:
* Once at the splash screen, press "Enter" on your keyboard to be brought to the initial title view with the rules.
* Then click a corresponding button to go to that view, where the story levels that come packaged with the game go under "Story Levels" and all levels generated by users get put under "User Levels".
* The user levels unlock independently of the Story Levels, and in each menu if you can select the level it is unlocked. If you cannot select it, nothing will happen when you click on it.
* Currently, the story levels and user levels are unlocked up to level 9.
* The selection style is the same for the badges.
* We are still developing the graphics to go in the preview areas, but there are designated areas for these graphics and information.
* Pressing "Play" on a level's preview area (the right side) launches that level.
* Clicking "Exit" level will return you to the screen you had been at prior to clicking play.

Using the BuilderApplication:
* Once at the Splash Screen, press "Enter" and you will be taken to a new Level.
* Click the "New" level button to clear the board and create a new board to build.
* To exit without saving, just close the application.